JULIEN: We found something else on that tape.
Karl Sieg. They're members of a caid de cite.
- Karl Sieg!
- (French)
He's in Brussels.
JULIEN: I know where Karl Sieg is.
ZIANE: What do you want from me?
MALIK: What do you think I want from you?
- I want something I can use.
- I will give you what I can.
Where were you the night Olly went missing?
You are so sure there's nothing
you've done that you regret?
Urgh!
(Panting)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(Washes hands)
(Breathing heavily)
Hello, Mrs Hughes?
I am sorry not to have called sooner.
We were pursuing a lead.
I wanted to speak with you because...
...I know you had some questions
you needed answering.
Yes.
I believe I have the answers to these questions.
It is about Ian Garrett.
(Grunts)
(Grunts, phone rings)
(Strains)
(Continues ringing)
EMILY: Tony, it's me.
Call me back when you can,
I've got some news.
Oh, Jesus.
(Grunts)
(Engine revs)
(Strains)
(Security announcement in French)
(Ringing tone)
(Splutters)
(Coughs and gasps)
(Rings)
- I've been waiting for hours.
- I'm sorry. There was um...
- What happened?
- A big accident on the motorway, I'm sorry.
Did you get my messages?
No.
Detective Baptiste called.
He looked into Ian Garrett,
just like we asked him to.
So he wasn't ignoring us.
A security guard at Ian's office
saw him working late...
...at the same time that Olly was taken.
He said it couldn't be him.
Ian Garrett didn't take our son.
♪ Oh, my love
♪ We pray each day
♪ May you come home
♪ And be OK
♪ For now, we wait for you
♪ For you to come home
(Man sings) a' Hier Encore
(French)
What do you drink?
- Red wine.
A beer.
It's a nice place.
You want to buy it?
Guaranteed to bleed your bank account dry
within a year or you get your money back.
You are Karl Sieg?
I am André Touloux.
- You have me mistaken.
- Oh, please.
Don't make me go through
the long and boring process
of proving that which all of us here
already know.
Mr Sieg.
I want you to tell me everything you know
about a job you took in the summer of 2006
in Châlons du Bois.
A job which may have involved
the abduction of a boy called Oliver Hughes.
I'm becoming an old man, you know.
I can't remember what happened
two weeks ago.
Perhaps that's why I've got three ex-wives
and the bills that come with it.
We have evidence that you were
outside the house where my son was taken.
Did you see me there?
Then I've nothing to tell you.
Just pretend you knew something, anything.
What would it take for you to tell me?
When I bought this place two years ago,
I was convinced it would take care of itself
and it would see me through my retirement.
I even thought I could save
and buy myself a nice new car...
...maybe this second-hand Aston Martin
I had my eyes on.
(Deep voice) Like James Bond.
- You want money?
- Tony...
Like a fish needs water, my friend.
- How much?
- Please!
How much?
15,000.
15,000 euros to keep this place afloat?
No, my friend. That's for the Aston Martin.
Let's go, let's go, let's go.
(Church bell chimes)
(Knock at door)
(Phone rings)
lnspecteur Relaud.
Hi, it's Daniel Morgan from the IGC Lille office.
Just thought I should let you know
the permission finally came through
on Ian Garrett's Audresselles property.
The embargo on development has expired.
I thought you should know.
- When do the works start?
- Today.
Thank you for telling me.
(Phone rings)
Mo, Laurence?
Where am I gonna get 15,000 euros?
We will find a way through to Karl Sieg,
I promise you.
But at this moment...l must leave.
Why, is it your daughter?
If I had any other choice, I wouldn't go.
I'll be back as soon as I can.
Be patient.
We found Mr Garrett's boat this morning, drifting
out at sea, but no sign of him anywhere.
His car is still here. No one can reach him.
LAURENCE: Do you think he fell?
There have been lots of rains
out in the Channel, storms.
So, yes, it's possible.
But...we found something.
These were on the boat.
We couldn't watch them all,
it's more than a man could ever take.
It's all sexual abuse of minors.
MARK: Jesus.
So what do you think?
Perhaps someone found out who he was
and he tried to run, got into trouble at sea.
Or perhaps someone wanted revenge
for the things he had done.
Ian Garrett is a well-connected man.
I was told that the press are not allowed to hear
a word of this until we have more information.
Bien sûr.
What?
All of the concrete foundations here
have set properly, they are smooth and flat.
All apart from this section here.
I don't believe an architect
with a reputation like Mr Garrett
would let such a thing happen in his own home.
(Knock on door)
EMILY: Everything all right?
MARK: Yeah, we just have a few questions.
EMILY: Yes, please, come in.
He's just in the bathroom, I'll just...
- (Knock at door)
- Tony?
Uh-huh?
The police are here. They want to talk to us.
Did they say why?
What is it? Have you news about Olly?
I am afraid not.
We're here about Ian Garrett.
Have you heard from him at all recently?
Ian?
I saw him a couple of days ago. Why?
MARK: His yacht was found floating
on the ocean this morning.
We've found no body so far
but we're assuming the worst.
Right.
I'm very sorry to hear that.
But how do you think I can help?
Where were you last night?
LAURENCE: I am sorry but we must ask.
Where was I?
Just answer the question.
I was erm...
I went to pick up Emily at six from the station.
She'd been back to England
to get some things from home.
So I picked her up
and we went to dinner in Lille.
Isn't that right, Em?
JULIEN: Mrs Hughes?
Mrs Hughes?
Is this true?
Yes.
Yeah, yeah, erm...
He picked me up at six and then we had
dinner and then we came back here.
OK.
Thank you for your patience -
we'll try not to bother you with this matter again.
- Em...
- Don't you dare.
- What do you think?
- (Phone rings)
We know what he did to Vincent Bourg
and Greg Halpern.
Emily? Covering for him?
I don't buy it.
I can look into the alibi more closely.
And maybe we look at what's inside
that concrete.
Excuse me.
Celia?
You've got to come. It's Sara, she's in hospital.
Will you come?
- I'll be there as soon as I can.
- Will you?
Yes.
- Is everything all right?
- I'm afraid not. I have to go to London.
(Reporters asks questions)
I didn't want the police getting distracted,
so it was simpler if you confirmed where I was.
- And they can focus on looking for Olly.
- We'd be going home today.
What?
Our holiday.
We'd be sweeping the place up, packing.
Well, I would be.
You and Olly'd be in the pool.
One last swim.
You would've spent most of the week
in that pool, the two of you.
He wouldn't ever have put his sun cream on.
I'd have to tempt him out
by offering him ice cream.
Em...
Where were you?
Don't.
Just don't.
I just lied for you.
Tell me.
Tell me the truth.
You knew I had to go and see him.
So stop playing dumb.
It was an accident.
I went down to the site
where he's building his new house.
I saw his yacht, tied to the jetty...
I went inside, I found things.
A camera.
I watched the tape, Em, I saw...
He was sick.
He hurt children, children like Olly.
He even admitted to me what he was.
He tried to fight me,
we struggled...it was an accident.
But I thought he killed Olly.
Tell me the world is not a better place
without monsters like Ian Garrett.
- I can't be here.
- Em...
Don't you dare touch me!
(Reporters clamouring)
Please speak to us!
Madame Hughes?
(Children babbling)
(Speaks French)
I didn't take you for a family man.
You and my ex-wife.
So, why are we meeting here?
The fewer people who see us together,
the better.
You do enough damage.
So have they found out about our connection?
Baptiste suspects.
He wants me away from the Hughes case.
So my career is... is finished.
- I'm sorry to hear that.
- No. No, you're not.
You're sorry only
not to have a source any more.
So you have a new job now, hm?
A proper journalist in London.
There will be other stories, other cases.
Why are you still here?
Because this case is important to me.
After my father died,
he left behind a lot of unfinished business.
And in amongst it all, was a story
about an unsolved murder in Morocco
and a name - Chamartaines.
And when I saw you on the television
as part of the Hughes case...l knew.
I just knew instantly
that I had been given an opportunity.
You know, that I'd been given a chance
to follow in my father's footsteps.
It was a sign.
I was guided to this case
by forces out of my control.
It's not over for me yet.
I believe I have more to offer.
Baptiste sent me to recanvass the crime scene
before he left for Paris.
He wants me out of the way.
But I found something.
What?
You have 24 hours
before I formally check it into evidence.
And then we're finished.
(Child complaining)
So.
The warrant to excavate Ian Garrett's house?
Rejected.
They say it is not enough to build a case,
that it will never go to trial.
No body, no case.
What about the forensics, the tapes?
Ian Garrett is a "friend to the department".
He's having dinner with politicians,
he's godfather to their children.
Dig too deep and they are scared
we find skeletons.
And this makes them look bad, you understand?
And you think that Georges will push to have it
rejected? I mean, it's the procurer's call, surely?
I've heard that Ian Garrett is funding
his campaign for mayor next year.
I am sure Baptiste
will take care of this on his return.
But for now, there is an embargo
on touching Garrett's property.
(Sighs)
Olly!
(Horns blare)
What do you reckon?
They're a bit pink.
(Chuckles)
I know I'm a woman and I'm supposed
to love them, but I've no idea about flowers.
- Hello?
TONY: Em?
Hi, Em, it's me.
What do you want?
These are better.
Sorry, I didn't know who else to call.
- I need money.
- Why?
There's a man - he was at the scene,
at the house where Olly was taken.
He says he'll talk to us, he'll tell us what
he knows...if we give him 15,000 euros.
- What?
- 15,000 euros.
Well, who is he?
He was there, Em, he knows.
And how do you know that he...
Em, if you really care...
How dare you?
How dare you? How dare you say that?
Like you're the only one?
Isn't he worth it?
I've got to get off. I'll have a think about it.
What did he want?
Him and Julien, they...
...they've found someone,
a suspect and they can place him
where Olly was kept, but...
...he won't talk, not unless they pay him.
How much?
15,000 euros.
For information you have no idea is any good?
Is he nuts?
You're thinking of paying?
We don't have 15,000 euros, Em.
We don't.
Yes, we do.
JULIEN: Has the area been excavated yet?
Well, we just started working two hours ago.
Well, I imagine Mr Garrett
kept this site very clean.
He was a great man. I hope something turns up
that might help you find him.
(Phone rings)
Mo?
Her child is unwell.
We'll continue.
(Email alert)
(Sobs)
(Pneumatic drill pounds)
(Drilling starts up again)
The doctor says she needs to rest.
They asked about her addiction.
She has damage to her kidneys...
...which they say that they can treat
if she stays clean.
But if she carries on the way she is,
he says that...
...it's most likely that she'll die.
(Sobs)
Dad?
Ssh.
(Police radio static crackles)
If we need anything else, we'll contact you.
Thank you.
Officers?
Emily?
(Panting)
I've got you. I've got you.
I was just following him.
I was just following Olly.
I've got you.
- (Knock at door)
- What?
Yeah?
Em?
I would've come anyway.
You didn't have to send the video.
I don't want to think of him like that.
Now I keep seeing him in that house.
Seeing him scared, and desperate...
...and seeing that man.
I would've come anyway.
Would you?
I was hoping to get here earlier, but withdrawing
15,000 euros, people ask a lot of questions,
like what I was using it for.
I told them it was for my son.
- Mrs Hughes.
- Julien, hi.
Everything OK?
We should talk after your meeting.
Sit.
I was worried you were not going to come.
I'd be left with a bill I can't pay.
Eat, eat.
I apologise, I was hungry.
In my old age, I start eating earlier and earlier.
Monsieur.
All right, so.
It's not often you see this amount of money.
These days, it's all in the air.
Perhaps that's why mine
continues to blow away.
So.
You have your money. So talk.
Don't you want to order first?
I'm not here on holiday, Mr Sieg.
I'm here because I saw my son for the first time
in eight years in a video last night-
scared and alone in a strange house
and I want to know what happened to him.
You've accepted a bribe from us.
Anything you say would be empty in a law court.
They're acting against my advice.
You can speak freely, Mr Sieg.
I used to work for people.
People in the caids de cite.
A Romanian crew.
I did odd jobs...
...driving important people...
...transporting goods, you see?
And sometimes they would ask me...
...to clean up after certain incidents.
It was my trade, after all.
And I ran a good business for a while.
Get to the point.
I was called to Châlons du Bois.
There was a room that needed cleaning
in the street where you saw my car.
Number 70.
I'm kept away from the high conversations,
you see what I mean?
I don't ask questions.
For my safety, you understand?
What happened in that house?
Pro Nettoyage.
The man who showed me in...
was wearing a mask.
He didn't speak very much.
The boy must have been removed
while I worked.
In the basement, there was blood.
I believe your son was held
in that basement there.
We know all this. It's useless. What else?
What else?
I was sent to the street by the pool,
to remove anything
that might be linked to the boy.
But when I got there,
one of your policemen was already there.
He bagged some evidence,
what that was, I can't say.
That's it?
That's all you have?
And you expect us to let you walk out of here
with all that money for that?
Tell me about this policeman.
He was a Moroccan, I guess.
Khalid Ziane.
That can't be all you know.
You must know something useful.
JULIEN: I think he does.
Ziane never submitted any evidence
during the investigation.
You're sure?
There was hardly any evidence to work with.
I'm absolutely sure.
Whatever he took from that scene,
he never shared with us.
- We need to talk to him.
- Yes.
You're not leaving?
I just ordered a bottle for the table.
- You can manage it fine.
- Enjoy.
I left something, you know,
when I cleaned up that room.
I saw something which I left.
And I should have got rid of it.
The boy had drawn a small stick figure
onto the wall.
He had these funny big ears.
I left it there.
Because I didn't think it right
that he should disappear completely.
JULIEN:
Khalid Ziane is in jail in Châlons du Bois.
We must wait until morning to speak with him.
Oh, Christ.
You really think he might know something -
some evidence that he may
or may not have logged?
- From a man like Ziane?
- It's the best we have, Mrs Hughes.
I didn't think I'd be staying the night,
I need to go pick up some things.
OK, let's get going.
Perhaps you might go on ahead, Mrs Hughes?
Tony and I have something to discuss.
Oh, well, I'll see you at the station?
Bruxelles-Midi. Yes.
- What is it?
- (Phone rings)
It's Laurence. I'll have to call her back.
I went to Audresselles,
to the home Ian Garrett was building.
OK.
Buried in the cement, I found this.
Don't you want to look inside?
I know what's in there.
DNA tests will show the blood
belongs to Ian Garrett.
Many years ago,
I reported my own daughter to the police.
She was arrested on drugs charges and theft.
She was given a 12-month sentence -
two years suspended in addition.
I thought there was no other way
to end her addiction.
I thought she would kill herself with drugs.
I was sure I was doing the right thing.
But I was wrong.
She fell in with a far worse crowd,
turned to crimes far more serious.
And she wouldn't talk to me.
However hard I've tried to help her...
...to make her listen, it was too late.
I pushed her away.
I betrayed her.
So...
I ask myself, "How is justice best served?
What good can come
from sending you to prison?"
You've been in a prison
ever since your son was taken.
(Phone keypad bleeps)
Laurence?
Vincent.
You've been looking for me.
May I ask what's changed your mind?
Sorry?
Well, I've been trying to speak to you for years
but you've always refused. So, why now?
BOURG: I've changed.
I must forgive those who have hurt me.
And I must apologise for the bad I have done.
I wish to speak.
OK.
All I need you to do
is to confirm some facts for me.
These are facts that'll help me
prove what happened to Oliver Hughes.
- Tony, you're back.
- Yeah.
Good, good.
Come with me.
I found your son's drawing.
- It was in the laundry you left me.
- I'd lost it?
Folded in your shirt pocket.
I know what it means to you.
Thank you.
It's silly, I know.
Far from it.
Alain was given this after one year's sobriety.
One for each sober year.
So long Alain struggled.
But this year...he has 20 years.
And still I keep this,
a reminder of how proud he made me that day.
And as long as you carry that picture,
you'll carry your son with you.
Look after it.
(Reporters clamouring)
REPORTER: Why are you going home?
Will you be coming back to Châlons du Bois?
(Reporters fire questions)
How can you go home
if the police haven't found Oliver?
Mrs Hughes, how can you go home now?
You've had 24 hours.
I need the evidence back.
We had an agreement.
I have done everything you ask from me.
Everything you've given me
has amounted to nothing.
I gave you evidence!
You shouldn't have given that to me
in the first place.
I just gave it to you to make you go away.
Now, if you tell anybody about Chamartaines...
Don't threaten me unless you want Baptiste
to find out who you are.
Or perhaps I just break your legs.
Come on, try me.
Find out what kind of enemy I am.
(Door slams)
- Merci
- Au revoir.
Arrghh!
Argh! Argh!
(Julien screams)
MARK: Stay down!
Stay down! Stay down!
(Grunts)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org